UK GDPR AND DATA PROTECTION ACT 2018 — KEY PROVISIONS

Article 5 (UK GDPR). Principles relating to processing of personal data
Personal data shall be: processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent
manner; collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes;
adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary (data minimisation);
accurate and kept up to date; kept in a form which permits identification
for no longer than necessary; processed in a manner that ensures
appropriate security.

Section 9 (DPA 2018). Lawfulness — children's consent in the UK
Where Article 6(1)(a) of the UK GDPR (consent) applies in relation to the
offer of information society services directly to a child, in the United
Kingdom the processing of personal data of a child is lawful only if the
child is at least 13 years old. Where the child is below that age, such
processing is lawful only if and to the extent that consent is given or
authorised by the holder of parental responsibility.

Article 13 (UK GDPR). Information to be provided at collection
The controller shall, at the time when personal data are obtained, provide
the data subject with the identity of the controller, the contact details
of the data protection officer where applicable, the purposes and legal
basis of processing, the recipients, retention periods, and the rights of
the data subject including the right to lodge a complaint with the
Information Commissioner.

Article 15 (UK GDPR). Right of access by the data subject
The data subject shall have the right to obtain from the controller
confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are
being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data
and to information about the purposes of processing, categories of data,
recipients, retention, and the existence of automated decision-making.

Article 32 (UK GDPR). Security of processing
The controller and the processor shall implement appropriate technical
and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to
the risk, including pseudonymisation and encryption, the ability to
ensure ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of
processing systems, and the ability to restore the availability of and
access to personal data in a timely manner.

Article 33 (UK GDPR). Personal data breach notification to the ICO
In the case of a personal data breach, the controller shall without undue
delay and, where feasible, not later than 72 hours after having become
aware of it, notify the personal data breach to the Information
Commissioner's Office, unless the breach is unlikely to result in a risk
to the rights and freedoms of natural persons.

Section 119A (DPA 2018). Age-appropriate design code
The Commissioner shall produce a code of practice which contains such
guidance as the Commissioner considers appropriate on standards of age-
appropriate design of relevant information society services which are
likely to be accessed by children.
