DIRECTIVE (EU) 2022/2555 — NIS2 — KEY PROVISIONS

Article 20. Governance
Management bodies of essential and important entities shall approve the
cybersecurity risk-management measures taken by those entities, oversee
their implementation and can be held liable for infringements. Members of
management bodies shall be required to follow training, on a regular basis,
to gain sufficient knowledge and skills to assess cybersecurity risks.

Article 21. Cybersecurity risk-management measures
Essential and important entities shall take appropriate and proportionate
technical, operational and organisational measures to manage the risks
posed to the security of network and information systems. These measures
shall include policies on risk analysis, incident handling, business
continuity, supply chain security, security in acquisition, vulnerability
handling, basic cyber hygiene practices and cybersecurity training, use of
cryptography and encryption, human resources security, access control,
and multi-factor authentication.

Article 23. Reporting obligations — early warning
Essential and important entities shall notify, without undue delay, the
CSIRT or, where applicable, the competent authority of any significant
incident. An early warning shall be submitted within 24 hours of becoming
aware of the significant incident, indicating whether the incident is
suspected of being caused by unlawful or malicious acts or could have a
cross-border impact.

Article 23. Reporting obligations — incident notification
A more detailed incident notification shall be submitted within 72 hours
of becoming aware of the significant incident, including an initial
assessment of the incident, its severity and impact, and where available
the indicators of compromise.

Article 23. Final report
A final report shall be submitted not later than one month after the
submission of the incident notification, including a detailed description
of the incident, the type of threat or root cause, applied and ongoing
mitigation measures, and where applicable the cross-border impact.

Article 24. Use of European cybersecurity certification schemes
Member States may require essential and important entities to use
particular ICT products, ICT services and ICT processes that are
certified under European cybersecurity certification schemes.
