SINGAPORE PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION ACT (PDPA) — KEY OBLIGATIONS

Section 13. Consent Obligation
An organisation shall not collect, use or disclose personal data about an
individual unless the individual gives, or is deemed to have given, his
consent under this Act to the collection, use or disclosure, as the case
may be. Consent is not validly given if the individual has not been
informed of the purposes.

Section 20. Notification Obligation
An organisation shall, on or before collecting personal data about an
individual, inform the individual of the purposes for the collection, use
or disclosure of the personal data, and, on request, of the business
contact information of a person able to answer the individual's questions
about the collection, use or disclosure of the personal data.

Section 21. Access and Correction Obligation
On request of an individual, an organisation shall, as soon as reasonably
possible, provide the individual with personal data about the individual
that is in the possession or under the control of the organisation, and
information about the ways in which the personal data may have been used
or disclosed within a year before the date of the request.

Section 24. Protection Obligation
An organisation shall protect personal data in its possession or under
its control by making reasonable security arrangements to prevent
unauthorised access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification,
disposal or similar risks, and the loss of any storage medium or device
on which personal data is stored.

Section 25. Retention Limitation Obligation
An organisation shall cease to retain its documents containing personal
data, or remove the means by which the personal data can be associated
with particular individuals, as soon as it is reasonable to assume that
the purpose for which that personal data was collected is no longer being
served by retention and retention is no longer necessary for legal or
business purposes.

Section 26. Transfer Limitation Obligation
An organisation shall not transfer any personal data to a country or
territory outside Singapore except in accordance with requirements
prescribed under this Act to ensure that the organisation provides a
standard of protection to personal data so transferred that is comparable
to the protection under this Act.

Section 26D. Data Breach Notification Obligation
Where an organisation has reason to believe that a notifiable data breach
has occurred, the organisation shall notify the Personal Data Protection
Commission as soon as is practicable, but in any case no later than 3
calendar days after the day the organisation makes that assessment.
Affected individuals shall also be notified if the breach is likely to
result in significant harm.

Section 11. Data Protection Officer
An organisation shall designate one or more individuals to be responsible
for ensuring that the organisation complies with this Act. The business
contact information of at least one such individual shall be made
available to the public.
