CERT-IN CYBER SECURITY DIRECTIONS, APRIL 2022 — KEY PROVISIONS

Direction (i). Synchronisation of system clocks
All service providers, intermediaries, data centres, body corporate and
Government organisations shall connect to the Network Time Protocol (NTP)
Server of the National Informatics Centre or the National Physical
Laboratory, or to NTP servers traceable to these NTP servers, for
synchronisation of all their ICT systems clocks.

Direction (ii). Mandatory cyber incident reporting within 6 hours
Any service provider, intermediary, data centre, body corporate and
Government organisation shall mandatorily report cyber incidents to
CERT-In within 6 hours of noticing such incidents or being brought to
notice about such incidents.

Direction (iv). Maintenance of logs
All service providers, intermediaries, data centres, body corporate and
Government organisations shall mandatorily enable logs of all their ICT
systems and maintain them securely for a rolling period of 180 days. The
same shall be maintained within the Indian jurisdiction.

Direction (v). KYC for VPS, VPN, cloud providers
Data centres, Virtual Private Server (VPS) providers, Cloud Service
providers and Virtual Private Network Service (VPN Service) providers
shall be required to register accurate information of subscribers /
customers and to maintain it for a period of five years or longer after
cancellation or withdrawal of the registration.

Direction (vi). KYC for virtual asset service providers
Virtual asset service providers, virtual asset exchange providers and
custodian wallet providers shall mandatorily maintain all information
obtained as part of Know Your Customer (KYC) and records of financial
transactions for a period of five years.

Direction (vii). Point of contact for CERT-In
Service providers, intermediaries, data centres, body corporate, and
Government organisations shall designate a Point of Contact to interface
with CERT-In and shall communicate the details of the Point of Contact to
CERT-In.
