CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT (CCPA), AS AMENDED BY CPRA — KEY PROVISIONS

§ 1798.100. Right to know what personal information is collected
A consumer shall have the right to request that a business that collects
personal information about the consumer disclose to the consumer the
categories and specific pieces of personal information the business has
collected. A business shall, at or before the point of collection, inform
consumers of the categories of personal information to be collected and
the purposes for which the categories of personal information shall be
used.

§ 1798.105. Right to delete personal information
A consumer shall have the right to request that a business delete any
personal information about the consumer which the business has collected
from the consumer. A business that receives a verifiable consumer request
shall delete the consumer's personal information from its records and
direct any service providers and contractors to delete the consumer's
personal information from their records.

§ 1798.106. Right to correct inaccurate personal information
A consumer shall have the right to request a business that maintains
inaccurate personal information about the consumer to correct that
inaccurate personal information, taking into account the nature of the
personal information and the purposes of the processing.

§ 1798.120. Right to opt-out of sale or sharing
A consumer shall have the right, at any time, to direct a business that
sells or shares personal information about the consumer to third parties
not to sell or share the consumer's personal information. A business that
sells or shares personal information shall provide a clear and
conspicuous link on its homepage titled "Do Not Sell or Share My
Personal Information".

§ 1798.121. Right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information
A consumer shall have the right, at any time, to direct a business that
collects sensitive personal information about the consumer to limit its
use of the consumer's sensitive personal information to that use which is
necessary to perform the services or provide the goods reasonably
expected by an average consumer.

§ 1798.135. Methods for submitting requests to opt-out
A business that sells or shares consumers' personal information shall, in
a form that is reasonably accessible to consumers, provide a clear and
conspicuous link on the business's internet homepages titled "Do Not Sell
or Share My Personal Information" that enables a consumer, or a person
authorized by the consumer, to opt-out.

§ 1798.155. Administrative enforcement
A business or service provider that intentionally violates this title may
be liable for a civil penalty of up to seven thousand five hundred dollars
($7,500) per violation. Violations involving minors may carry higher
penalties.
